# eBIS-XML Suite

## version 3.10

This is the BASDA eBIS-XML suite of messages for electronic business. These
messages may be extended for various industry sectors. Please see the BASDA
web sites for further information:

https://www.basda.org

Version 3.10 introduces the use of extensions

### Contents

#### Schemas
    
- Batch Envelope
- Core Structures (Component Library)
- Core Types (Component Library)
- Extension - Green
- Extension - Hire
- Extension - Temporary Staff
- Extension - Utilities
- Invoice
- Order
- Order Response

#### Samples
    
**Valid samples:**

Fully valid samples are included for invoice, order and batch envelope.
    
**Schema-valid samples:**
    
Please note that these samples are schema-valid ONLY; they are
auto-generated by a schema management tool.  While they do illustrate
the structure and data-types of the messages, schema-valid samples are
internally inconsistent and may not be taken as business-rule valid.

#### Documentation

Developers please note: the schemas are authoritative.

**Schema maps in HTML:**

An at-a-glance view of the structure defined in each schema is provided
in the schema maps. 

**Schema documentation in HTML format:**

Comprehensive schema documentation is included in HTML format for
ALL schemas (core by ref from other schemas)
The documentation is in xmlSpy format, and under the 
documentation/ folder for each area.

**Diagrams**

Some diagrams are provided as PNGs as part of the xmlspy output

### Quality Assurance

The following tools were used for quality assurance:

- XML Spy - validity of schemas and instances
- Microsoft Development Environment - to test compatibility
- Java Development Environment  - to test compatibility
	
The strictest implementation of XML Schema was applied where the tools differed.

Please email info@basda.org for further information.
